https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-26022 Remove VM page console (#8477)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_deprecate_remove.adoc

|===
|Product or category | Affected item | Version | Recommended action | More details and links

| {acm} console
| *Infrastructure* > *Virtual machines* page
| 2.15

> | On {ocp} version 4.20, install OpenShift Virtualization 4.20 to work with virtual machines across your fleet from the Fleet Virtualization perspective. Alternatively, use Search to find and take actions on VMs.

Reviewer: Should it be Fleet Management?

```suggestion
| On {ocp} version 4.20, install {ocp-virt} 4.20 to work with virtual machines across your fleet from the Fleet Virtualization perspective. Alternatively, use Search to find and take actions on virtual machines.
```

Reviewer 2: No. Fleet Management is ACM... we removed virtual machines from ACM, and you get it from OpenShift Virtualization, under the Fleet Virtualization perspective.
<img width="1510" height="612" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cd50515a-e08e-459f-a30f-a091f6ac0aea" />
